Lecture 05:
Mindreading 

[sources: 
	- Warwick joint action & the emergence of mindreading series
	- CEU mindreading & joint action series
	- Cambridge how do mindreaders model minds talk

0. The challenge: Explain the origins of knowledge of others' minds; in particular beliefs.  First thing we need to know is when humans typically acquire this awareness.
	
1. standard story about false belief --- Wimmer & Perner 1984
(So we can meet the challenge by talking about mastery of language &c; a Sellars type myth.)

2. [CEU lecture01 slides 22 - 73 = /img/unit_411] A-tasks and B-tasks; the puzzle
(So things are not so straightforward; certainly the Sellars type myth doesn't look so promising.)

3. [Cambridge slides 3--19] adults - automatic & not automatic 

4. We can resolve both puzzles by appeal to the idea that there are modular & non-modular mindreading processes.  (Cf. physical objects).

5. But to invoke modularity, we need to understand how mindreading could be (i) automatic and (ii) present in pre-linguistic infants with limited working memory & executive function; both (i) and (ii) mean we need to understand how it could be cognitively efficient.  (The situation is a bit like this: we want to say you can perceive others mental states; but on the face of it, mental states are exactly the sort of things that are not available to perception.)

6. Standard model of the attitudes is incompatible with cognitive efficiency; alternative model is needed 

7. [Cambridge slides 30--43; add 86-94!!!]  Minimal theory of mind to the rescue

8. [Cambridge slides 45--65] Signature limits; Prediction; Experiments 

9. Conclusions
	--- theme B : the puzzles about development (A- & B-tasks) and automaticity.  We've earned the right to solve them by appeal to modularity.  (NB: it's modularity rather than mTm that explains the discrepancy; mTm is important because (i) it explains efficiency; and (ii) it generates predictions via signature limits)
	--- theme B-1 : relation between infant and adult competence --- infant competence retained in adults (matching signature limits from Low & Watts), as in the cases of colour (and probably physical objects too); 
	--- theme A: explain the origins of knowledge of others minds : development as rediscovery.  There is a modular capacity (=core knowledge).  But this doesn't lead to adult-like understanding for years, and the acquisition of adult-like understanding hinges on language; may involve completely different model of mental states.